Redirects UI text, AIW instructions, library fixes (#2137)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/implement-implicit/setup-app/index.md

You set up your OpenID Connect application inside the Okta Admin Console:

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Applications** > **Applications**.
1. Click **Create App Integration**.
1. On the Create a new app integration page, select **OIDC - OpenID Connect** as the **Sign-in method**.

> 1. Select **Single-Page Application** and click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Single-Page Application**, and click **Next**.
```

>     > **Note:** It is important to choose the appropriate application type for apps which are public clients. Failing to do so may result in Okta API endpoints attempting to verify an app's client secret, which public clients are not designed to have, hence breaking the sign-in or sign-out flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** It is important to choose the appropriate application type for apps that are public clients. Failing to do so may result in Okta API endpoints attempting to verify an app's client secret, which public clients are not designed to have, and would break the sign-in or sign-out flow.
```
